feat(curriculum): add chp3 md2 sharing personal details (#64546)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-basic-personal-information/69370297d24a1d727641c907.md

---
id: 69370297d24a1d727641c907
title: Task 22
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-22
lang: es
---

<!-- (Audio) Camila: ¿sanjuan.pr? Mateo: Sí, correcto. -->

# --description--

> In this task, you’ll hear Camila confirm part of an email address and Mateo agree. This exchange uses a confirmation question and a common response. Listen carefully to how each word is said.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this task, first you’ll hear Camila confirming part of Mateo's email address. Then, Mateo will reply confirming that what Camila said is correct. 

This exchange uses a confirmation question and a common response. Listen carefully to how each word is pronounced.
```

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Camila: ¿BLANK.pr?`

`Mateo: Sí, BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`sanjuan`

### --feedback--

> This is the domain Camila is confirming, and it's a city name often used in email addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the domain Camila is confirming, and it's a city name.
```
